What's Santa's Little Helper doing to that dog? Looks like he's trying to jump over, but he can't quite make it.
Aren't we forgeting the true meaning of Christmas? You know, the birth of Santa.
What a day, eh, Milhouse? The sun is out, birds are singing, bees are trying to have sex with them -- as is my understanding ...
Remember, you can always find East by staring directly at the sun.
How can someone with glasses so thick be so stupid?
Christmas is a time when people of all religions come together to worship Jesus Christ.
I can't stand to see you so upset, Lis, unless it's from a rubber spider down your dress - Hmm, that gives me an idea note for later: put rubber spider down Lisa's dress.
Mom, can we go Catholic so we can get communion wafers and booze?
I didn't do it, no one saw me do it, there's no way you can prove anything!
I've said it before, and I'll say it again...aye carumba!
Who's the black private dick that's a sex machine with all the chicks?
There's no such thing as a soul. It's just something they made up to scare kids, like the boogeyman or Michael Jackson.
Inside every hardened criminal beats the heart of a ten-year-old boy.
You know, I've done a lot of bad stuff through the years. I guess now I'm paying the price. But there's so many things I'll never get a chance to do: smoke a cigarette, use a fake ID, shave a swear word in my hair.
I think its ironic that for once dad's butt prevented the release of toxic gas
Why would anyone want to hurt me? I'm this century's Dennis the Menace!
I don't know! I don't know why I did it, I don't know why I enjoyed it, and I don't know why I'll do it again!
What if you're a really good person, but you get into a really, really bad fight and your leg gets gangrene and it has to be amputated. Will it be waiting for you in heaven?
I'm Bart Simpson, who the Hell are you?
Don't have a cow, man.
Eat my shorts.
I never thought it was humanly possible, but this both sucks and blows.
Dear God. We paid for all this stuff ourselves, so thanks for nothing.
Hi, I'm looking for Amanda... Amanda Hug N Kiss.