I would never let a woman kick my ass. If she tried something, I'd be like, HEY! You get your bitch ass back in the kitchen and make me some pie!
Respect My Authority!
It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a women's separation; this sort of penetration will increase the population of the younger generation.
Maury, I am out of control. Yeah, I use drugs. I can do what I waunt, biatch! Yeah, I have sex, and I don't use protection! It's my hot body; I'll do what I waunt! I don't go to school and I kill people! What-evah! I'll do what I waunt!
You seem a little irritable, Kyle. You got some sand in your vagina?
How 'bout we sing, 'Kyle's Mom is a stupid bitch' in D Minor.
You so much at TOUCH kitty's ass, and I'll put a firecracker in your nutsack and blow your balls all over your pants.
I want to get down on my knees and start pleasing Jesus. I want to feel his salvation all over my face.
If some girl tried to kick my ass, I'd be like, 'Hey. Why don't you stop ... dressing me like a mailman ... uh, and making me dance for you ... while you go and ... smoke crack in your bedroom ... and have sex with ... some guy ... I don't even know. On my dad's bed.
Hippies.They're everywhere. They wanna save the earth, but all they do is smoke pot and smell bad.
Handle it? For two billion dollars I could handle my Grandpa's balls dude.
Naw dude, Independent films are those black and white hippy movies. They're always about gay cowboys eating pudding.
Why is it that everything today has to do with things either going in or coming out of my ass?
Well, I've been lickin' this carpet for 3 whole hours and I don't feel like a lesbian.Well, I looked in my mom's closet and saw what I was getting for Christmas, an UltraVibe Pleasure 2000.
Shut up Kyle! Shut your Goddamn' Jew mouth! You're the reason that there's war in the Middle East.
Kyle, I swear to God, if I didn't have a guy's hand up my butt right now, I would leap across the room and kick you in the nuts.
I used to think disabled people were here for my amusement.
M'am, I'm here to check your house for parasites ... apparently, you have hippies.
I've learned something, too: selling out is sweet because when you sell out, you get to make a lot of money, and when you have money, you don't have to hang out with a bunch of poor asses like you guys. Screw you guys, I'm going home.
Don't worry, Tweek. Your family can go on welfare. Kenny's family's on welafare and they're happy, isn't that right, Kenny?
I was just layin' down some rhymes, with the G-folk, you know, kickin' it on the west siy-eede.
It's an Afghanistan goat, so it can't stay here, or else it'll choke on the sweet air of freedom.
I hate hippies! I mean, the way they always talk about "protectin' the earth" and then drive around in cars that get poor gas mileage and wear those stupid bracelets - I hate 'em! I wanna kick 'em in the nuts!
The fireman is very magical. Rub his helmet and he spits in your eye.
I'm not fat! I'm festivally plump!
See, this is what we call an all-you-can-eat buffet. Here you can eat all you want for just $6.99. That's why everyone comes here on Tuesday nights, except for Kenny's family because for them, $6.99 is two year's income.
Attention shoppers! Outside today, we have a cripple fight. Cripple fight, outside!
This is killing me. The human body was not meant to move quickly like that.
Sticks and stones may break my bones but I'm Jesus.
That movie has warped my fragile little mind.
Well, Kyle, appreciate you being so open with me about this, but as we know, you have a warped perception of reality because you're jewish.
I don't hate black people. I hate hippies.
Dude, that is not cool! Chopping off wee-wee's is not cool!
Excuse me, but I do believe that sucks ass.
I'm not fat, I just haven't grown into my body yet you skinny bitch.
Why does this happen every month? It seems like right about the same time every month, Kyle's mom gets a hair up her ass about something, and I always end up getting screwed by it.
Too bad drinking scotch isn't a paying job or Kenny's dad would be a millionare!
Kenny's family is so poor that yesterday they had to put their cardboard box up for a second mortgage.
Yeah! I want Cheesy Poofs!
French people piss me off.
I've been keeping this place free of hippies since I was five and a half.
All I have to do is make people believe I'm handicapped and I get one thousand dollars. It's not going to be easy, but nothing worth having ever is.
Anyway Kenny, Yellow MegaMan is only $8.95, so maybe your mom can put it on layaway and make payments for a year or two.
Okay, old people need to be quiet now.