Kids, if he (Grandpa) starts acting weird, lead him down into the basement.
Son, when you participate in sporting events, its not whether you win or loose, its how drunk you get.
...sure, IN theeoory, in theory communism works...
Whoooa, that's hot.  There isn't a man alive who wouldn't get turned on by that. Well, goodbye!
Hey there, Blimpy Boy, flying through the sky so fancy.. free..
Mmmm, free goo!
Asleep at the switch? I wasn't asleep, I was drunk!
Alright Brain...Its all up to you
The girls of the internet. Ooh, I'd go online with them anyday!
I'm hittin' the road. Maybe I'll drop you a line some day from wherever I wind up in this crazy old world
Solid waste! I could kiss you!  MWUA! eugh! MWUA! ooh! MWUA! aah! MWUA! ooh! I think this one's pizza!
Where's my Burrito? Where's my Burrito?
Oh Lisa! You and your stories! Bart is a vampire! Beer kills brain-cells! Now lets go back to that...building...thingy... where our beds and TV...is.
Kill my boss?!? Do I dare live out the american dream?
Heh Heh Heh! Lisa! Vampires are make believe, just like elves and gremlins and eskimos!
My baloney has a first name,  its h-o-m-e-r, My baloney has a second name, its h-o-m-e-r...
Guys are always patting my bald head for luck, pinching my belly to hear my girlish laugh...
Alright Brain, you don't like me, and I don't like you. But lets just do this, and I can get back to killing you with beer.
Come, to Homercles.
Just because I don't care doesn't mean I don't understand.
Ah, Andy Capp, you wife beating drunk!
Mmmm...Forbidden donut
Marge! Look at all this great stuff I found at the Marina. It was just sitting in some guy's boat!
If you really want something in this life, you have to work for it. Now, quiet! The're about to announce the lottery numbers...
Ahh, Beer! My one weakness...my Achilles Heel, if you will...
Call Mr. Plow, that's my name, that name again, is Mr. Plow!
Hello? Operator! Give me the number for 911!
Blame the guy who doesn't speak Engish.
Remember as far as anyone knows, we're a nice normal family.
Mmmm...Sacrelicious!
Can you believe it!?  Pretty soon, I'll be able to quit my job and  live off the boy!
You never know when an old calendar might come in handy! Sure, it's not 1985 right now, but who knows what tomorrow will bring?
Life is just one crushing defeat after another until you just wish Flanders was dead.
Be quiet, Brain, or I'll stab you with a Q-tip
If something is too hard,give it up. The moral my boy is too never try anything
AHHH. Donuts. . . What can't they do.
A hundred bucks for a comic book?  Who drew it, Michaelmelangelo?
The other day I was so desperate for a beer, I snuck into the football stadium and ate the dirt under the bleachers.
If the Bible has taught us nothing else, and it hasn't, its that girls should stick to girl's sports, such as hot oil wrestling foxy boxy and such and such...
What about those red balls they have on car aerials so you can spot your car in a park.  I think all cars should have them!
I'm going to the back seat of my car! And I wont be back for TEN MINUTES!
Marge, old people don't need companionship, they need to be isolated and studied to see what useful nutrients can be obtained from them...
Ooh, I love your magazine.  Especially the 'Enrich Your Wordpower' section.  I think it's really...really... really...good.
I gave my love a chicken, it had no bones. Mmmmm Chicken!
This donut has purple in the middle, purple is a fruit.