Ha! I got your hat! Take that, hatless! Now go back to the quad and resume your hackey sac tourney! I'm not gonna lay down for some frat boy bastard with his damn Teva sandals and his Skoal Bandits and his Abercrombie and Fitch long sleeved, open stitched, crew neck Henley smoking his sticky buds out of a soda can while watching his favorite downloaded Simpsons episodes every night! Yes, we all love "Mr. Plow"! Oh, you've got the song memorized, do you? SO DOES EVERYONE ELSE! That is exactly the kind of idiot you see at Taco Bell at 1 in the morning! The guy who just whiffed his way down the bar skank ladder!
It wasn't even about the eggs, really. Frankly, I like the yolks. I have no problem. There's always been a lot of tension between Lois and me. And it's not so much that I want to kill her, it's just, I want her not to be alive anymore. I sometimes wonder if all women are this difficult. And then I think to myself, 'My God wouldn't it be marvelous if i turned out to be a homosexual?'
Let me guess, you picked out yet another colorful box with a crank that I'm expected to turn and turn until OOP! big shock, a jack pops out and you laugh and the kids laugh and the dog laughs and I die a little inside.
Well, I'd love to stay and chat, but you're a total bitch.
Did you hear that Meg? Guys can marry other guys now. So...this is awkward, but I mean, if they can do that, that is pretty much it for you, isn't it? I mean you as well pack it in. Game over.
There's always been a lot of tension between Lois and me, and it's not so much that I want to kill her, it's just, I want her not to be alive anymore.
Uh you've reached stewie and brian, we're not here right now, uh and if this is mom, uh send money because we're college students and we need money for books...and highlighters...and.... ramen noodles...and condoms, for sexual relations with our classmates.
Hello, mother. I come bearing a gift. I'll give you a hint. It's in my diaper and it's not a toaster.
I was under the impression the name of the show was "Kids Say the Darndest Things," not "Old Black Comedians Never Shut the Hell Up."
Oh hey lady. Hey, what's going on? How are you? Yeah, oh it's just me, Stewie, just being myself, ah yeah. Oh, oh well this here? Oh, it's just my package, yeah just ah just ah my package, God delivered it I signed for it the world keeps on spinnin', yeah.
Did you forge my name? How dare you! Is this backwards "S" supposed to be cute? I'm going to crap double for you tonight!
By all means, turn me into a child star. Perhaps I can move to Californ-i-ay and wrangle me a three-way with the Olsen twins.
Easy! Massage the scalp. You're washing a baby's hair, not scrubbing vomit off your Christmas dress, you holiday drunk.
I bet you lost your virginity to a mechanical bull.
Oh damn! Jeremy is still in the trunk! How long has it been, two weeks? Yeah, he's dead.
Damn you, vile woman! You've impeded my work since the day I escaped from your wretched womb.
You know, I rather like this God fellow. Very theatrical, you know. Pestilence here, a plague there. Omnipotence ... gotta get me some of that.
Nothing says "Obey Me" like a bloody head on a fence post!
Damn you ice cream, come to my mouth! How dare you disobey me!
God, all this work keeping people from having sex, now i know how the Catholic church feels!
You know, mother, this could almost have passed for a palatable banana pudding, but without Nilla wafers it's just another one of your wretched culinary abortions. Now clean it up!
What the deuce?!
What's this? Blueberries! Oh, oh my G ... oh, that's better than sex!
For the love of God, shake me! Shake me like a British nanny!
What's that? Oh yes, yes. I love crack. I'm absolutely coo-coo for crack!
Let me tell you something Nessa, a bullet sounds the same in every language. So stick a fucking sock in it you cow!
What are these? Pancakes? Oh oh, these are delectable. Good news Flappy, I've decided not to kill you!
Can I count to three? For God's sake, I'm already shooting at a fifth grade level.
I require a window seat and an inflight Happy Meal, and no pickles! God help you if I find pickles!
I'd love to stay and chat but your a complete bitch, so bye!
HA! That's so funny I forgot to laugh... excluding that first Ha.
Let's see, soda, purple stuff...Sunny D, alright!
I say, Rupert, this paste is quite delicious. It's almost worth the bowel obstruction!!!
Those jugs are mine until all the milk dries up. Then you can have the remains!
Blast you and your estrogenical tyranny!
You know, it is so fashionable to take a shot at Jay Leno. Look, the fact is the man is out there every bloody night with fresh material and he's charming.
DAMN YOU VILE WOMAN!
The ruptured capillaries in your nose belie the clarity of your wisdom.
Ohhh! She has the voice of an angel...not to mention a balcony you could do Shakespeare from!
Uh, there's a half-dead-fat-man eating a dead-fat-man...am I the only one who realized? Oh, okay...
So broccoli, mother says your good for me,well I'm afraid i'm not good for you!
Oh! Oh! This story is so good, it must be fattening!
No, no, no! I don't think so. It's not that I have ideological differences, I'm just not a hat person.
Victory is mine!
Ahh..did I remember to turn the stove off?...Yes.
You know Brian, just because you can't feel your teeth doesn't mean the girl can't feel your insults.
Die, Lois!